📜 Talk Transcript
Hi everyone, I’m glad to have this opportunity to share my recent work with you today.

To begin, let’s take a look at the history behind the problem that motivated this research.

In 1979, Frankl proposed an interesting conjecture about finite union-closed families. He claimed that in every such family, there exists at least one element that appears in at least half of the sets. While this might seem like an obvious statement, after more than four decades, the problem remains unsolved.

Here are some examples of union-closed families and the elements that satisfy this conjecture.

In this work I we not focus on the main problem but try to make our underacting about
the Union Closed families deeper. Specifically we proved that the core structure of such families completely preserved through isomorphism. 

Here you can see definition of isomorphism and some example.

One day we I was dealing we the problem I through "if I have a Union-closed family" and know it 
has a member that belongs to at least half of the family as Frankl proposed what can we say about
another Union-closed family that is isomorphic to that? Can we conclude it has a member with that property? Or even more rough question if a member belongs to for example 11 member of the family 
is there a member that belongs to 10 member of the family of its isomorphic family? 

When first you start write some example to experience the question you will find out very soon.
It is not true. At least for the rougher question is not true. Here is some example that shows us 
it can't be always true. 

But with a closer look we can see our isomorphism preserve the structure completely. You can see 
if we draw Hasse diagram of two Union-closed family the lattice structure completely preserve.

And this the point the next question will raise. 
What about the member that actually help the family to shape? The ones the play main role for the family? 

To use this prespective first we should distinguish main player over imposters. To formalize these concept we define redundant elements. Element that removing them doesn't  effect the structure.

Here you can see formal definition of redundant element. 
And not only structure won't effect by removing them even isomorphism still holds. After purification. 

So the next obvious question is what if we remove all such element or what if we dealing with 
families without redundant element which call pure Union-closed families. 

And it reveals our rough question correct for such families that is our main theorem. 
Even if our families are not pure we can purify them without effecting on the isomorphism between them.

To prove our main theorem we highly relay on Cardinality theorem which also prove as part of work.
You can see the exact formulation of Cardinality theorem.

When I start this paper I didn't expect all the structure will be preserve so I think it is nice to bring my primary version of the theorem which just try to prove that number of all member preserve by isomorphism and then I refine the prove for the general version which the cardinality theorem I just mention and then it helps me to answer my primary question. With the main result of this work. 

Thank you for you attention and if there any question I am here to answer now or later if contact me.
