Slide One:
Hello every one. I am pleased to have the opportunity sharing my recent work with you here.

Today we are going to talk about Isomorphism in Union-closed Sets.
In this work we try to deepen our understanding about Union-closed
families.

Slide Two:
Let me first give you a brief history about the problem that inspire
this research.

In 1979 Frankl proposed a very interesting conjecture. He stated that in every Union-closed family there exist an element which appears in at least half of the family. It seems very obvious at the first glance but it remains unsolved more than 4 decades.

Here you can see formal statement of the conjecture.

Slide Three:

Here we have 2 simple example that satisfying the Frankl conjecture.
But it hasn't been proven for general case yet.

Slide Four:
One day while I was thinking the conjecture an interesting problem
came to my mind.

- If we have two Isomorphic Union-closed families. Do all their elements have a corresponding element in their Isomorphic counterpart with the same frequency count? 

By Isomorphism we mean a bijective map that preserve union between two Union-closed families.

Slide Five:
When you start tackling the question we will quickly figure out it is not correct even for simple cases. 

As you can see in this example we have a member that appears four time in K_1 but there is not
any corresponding element in K_2 with same appearance count.

Slide Six:

But if we take a closer look we will see there is some member with this feature.
Here all these elements have same frequency count. After this insight we might want 
to find a way to distinguish between this two type of elements.

Slide Seven:
So we look more closely and try to find a common feature between elements of each groups.
For example we will find elements that removing them doesn't effect the structure and cardinality or Isomorphism. 

Slide Eight:
This observation suggest us this definition. 
We call an element redundant if removing it from all member of the family doesn't effect the cardinality of the family. And after remove an element we call new family reduced collection.

The concept of Redundancy leads us to pure collections.
We call a family pure if it has no redundant element.

Slide Nine:
It is not as good as it looks. Because the next step naturally would be purify or remove all redundant element of a family. The time you try to remove all of redundant elements you will see 
the whole structure collapsed!

The reason is some of redundancy is relevant. I said relevant Because for example here we can't 
remove both 1 and 2. The family needs at least of them to survive.

Slide Ten:
There is a way to fix this. We should remove them iteratively. 
Next step is remove them! And get a pure family.

We didn't consider it a definition because we have two problem here:

Slide Eleven:
1- K^* is not well defined at all.
2- The number steps we should take might be different for different K^*. As a result The number of elements in different version of K^* might be different. Which is not very pleasant to me.

Fortunately we can prove all of them are Isomorphic so they are unique up to isomorphism.

Slide Twelve:
We can solve the second problem by showing all Isomorphic pure Union-closed family have
same number of non-redundant elements.

Slide Thirteen:
Now we can purify any family. Without loosing structural property.
Also we can verify the Frankl conjecture is true if it is true for pure Union-closed family.

At this point without loosing generalization we can suppose our families are pure which makes the world much easier.

Slide Fourteen:
Now we can ask our main question again, but this time about pure families.
We don't have enough tools to answer this question, at the end it will be concluded from our
main theorem.

Slide Fifteen:
To continue, I’d like to take a closer look at this corollary. We know both of our families are 
Union-closed. So |UK_1| and |UK_2| must be block the their families. So the cardinality of
one of the members is preserve over isomorphism. So what about other members? 
Many Different Scenario happen when you start answering this question. Fortunately all of the cases has been resolved. So it is also true for all the members of the families.

Slide Sixteen:
This Theorem helps us to prove a very useful tools. We can conclude that all elementary set 
operation all allowed. We can do union, intersection, set minus and complement. This is very handy corollary because we need to do a lot of calculation in last chapter.

Slide Seventeen:
We are ready to introduce definition of hyperisomorphism. The main goal of this section is 
proving that there exist an hyperisomorphism for any given isomorphism. We need to do a lot of calculation to prove this and it is get possible by the previous corollary. But let give the main lemma we have used to prove that. It says for each elements in K_1 we have corresponding element in K_2 that satisfying this property. It helps to define the related hyperisomorphism.

Slide Eighteen:
And here is the main result which says every isomorphism introduced by a map. And this will be 
answer our main question about frequency count.

Slide Nineteen:
Here is the related references. We also prove a weaker version of the conjecture in another paper.

Slide Twenty:
That's it. That for your time. And if you have any question, comment or idea you can ask me know or contact me later.
